_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
layout: single
author_profile: true
toc: true
---

## About Me

I am a Computer Science undergraduate at **Kean University** (expected May 2026) with a strong focus on machine learning and medical imaging research. Currently maintaining a 3.91 GPA and recognized on the Dean's Honor List.

My research interests lie at the intersection of **computer vision**, **weakly supervised learning**, and **healthcare AI applications**. I'm particularly passionate about developing efficient learning algorithms that can work with limited labeled data - a critical challenge in medical imaging.

## Education

**Bachelor of Science in Computer Science**  
*Kean University* | Expected May 2026  
- GPA: 3.91/4.0 (Dean's Honor List 2024-2025)
- Relevant Coursework: Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Data Structures, Database Systems

## Research Experience

**Research Assistant** | *Kean University* | 2025 - Present
- NSF-funded research on weakly supervised tumor segmentation
- Developing novel active learning frameworks for medical image analysis
- First-author paper submitted to IEEE-BIBM 2025

**Research Assistant** | *Vision-AI Lab, WKU* | 2023 - 2024
- Conducted research on raw image denoising algorithms
- Developed Bayer pattern modeling techniques for computational photography
- Published findings in computer vision conferences

## Publications

**Under Review**
- Zhang, N., et al. "Segmenting What Matters: A Dual-Stage Active Learning Framework for Weakly Supervised Tumor Segmentation" *IEEE-BIBM 2025* (under review)

## Technical Skills

**Programming Languages:** Python, Java, MATLAB, SQL, C++  
**ML/DL Frameworks:** PyTorch, TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, OpenCV  
**Tools & Technologies:** Git, Docker, Linux, CUDA, Jupyter  
**Specialized Areas:** Medical Image Processing, Computer Vision, Active Learning

## Leadership & Activities

**Vice President** | *Computer Club, Kean University* | 2024
- Led strategic initiatives that increased active membership by 30%
- Organized technical workshops and coding competitions
- Coordinated industry guest speaker events

## Awards & Recognition

- Dean's Honor List, Kean University (2024-2025)
- Outstanding Research Presentation, University Research Day 2024
- NSF Research Fellowship Recipient (2025)

## Current Projects

- **DSAL-Net:** Dual-stage active learning for medical image segmentation
- **EchoMind:** LLM agent with personality-consistent memory systems
- **Medfusion:** Synthetic medical image generation using diffusion models

I'm always interested in collaborating on research projects related to medical AI, computer vision, or machine learning. Feel free to reach out if you'd like to discuss potential opportunities or research ideas.

Commit message:

Major projects page redesign and content enhancements
- Completely redesigned projects page with comprehensive project descriptions
- Removed all emojis and translated Chinese content to English
- Added detailed sections for Featured Research, AI Research, Applications & Tools
- Enhanced project showcase with better visual styling and hover effects
- Updated author bio with PhD-seeking information
- Corrected GPA information to reflect specific academic year (2024-2025)
- Removed irrelevant coursework information from education section
- Added project grid layout and enhanced CSS styling
- All projects now link directly to GitHub repositories
- Improved content organization and professional presentation

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
layout: single
author_profile: true
toc: true
---

## About Me

I am a Computer Science undergraduate at **Kean University** (expected May 2026) with a strong focus on machine learning and medical imaging research. Achieved a 3.91 GPA during the 2024-2025 academic year and recognized on the Dean's Honor List.

My research interests lie at the intersection of **computer vision**, **weakly supervised learning**, and **healthcare AI applications**. I'm particularly passionate about developing efficient learning algorithms that can work with limited labeled data - a critical challenge in medical imaging.

## Education

**Bachelor of Science in Computer Science**  
*Kean University* | Expected May 2026  
- GPA: 3.91/4.0 for 2024-2025 academic year (Dean's Honor List)
- Two years at Wenzhou-Kean University (2022-2024) as part of joint program

## Research Experience

**Research Assistant** | *Kean University* | 2025 - Present
- NSF-funded research on weakly supervised tumor segmentation
- Developing novel active learning frameworks for medical image analysis
- First-author paper submitted to IEEE-BIBM 2025

**Research Assistant** | *Vision-AI Lab, WKU* | 2023 - 2024
- Conducted research on raw image denoising algorithms
- Developed Bayer pattern modeling techniques for computational photography
- Published findings in computer vision conferences

## Publications

**Under Review**
- Zhang, N., et al. "Segmenting What Matters: A Dual-Stage Active Learning Framework for Weakly Supervised Tumor Segmentation" *IEEE-BIBM 2025* (under review)

## Technical Skills

**Programming Languages:** Python, Java, MATLAB, SQL, C++  
**ML/DL Frameworks:** PyTorch, TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, OpenCV  
**Tools & Technologies:** Git, Docker, Linux, CUDA, Jupyter  
**Specialized Areas:** Medical Image Processing, Computer Vision, Active Learning

## Leadership & Activities

**Vice President** | *Computer Club, Kean University* | 2024
- Led strategic initiatives that increased active membership by 30%
- Organized technical workshops and coding competitions
- Coordinated industry guest speaker events

## Awards & Recognition

- Dean's Honor List, Kean University (2024-2025)
- Outstanding Research Presentation, University Research Day 2024
- NSF Research Fellowship Recipient (2025)

## Current Projects

- **DSAL-Net:** Dual-stage active learning for medical image segmentation
- **EchoMind:** LLM agent with personality-consistent memory systems
- **Medfusion:** Synthetic medical image generation using diffusion models

I'm always interested in collaborating on research projects related to medical AI, computer vision, or machine learning. Feel free to reach out if you'd like to discuss potential opportunities or research ideas.
